David Hurwitz: Haydn Symphony Crusade
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUSx04mVxBuZmtte_7OHHf-

David Hurwitz: Miniature Masterpieces
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUVtJdiYXtHI6SsaAXvXGXk

David Hurwitz: Scarlatti Sonata Escapade
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVLj63Ml-b7alk871-z30XQ

David Hurwitz: Anton Bruckner - Symphonies
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVX20oc4MYjyz_Rj4w73pQMF

David Hurwitz: Gustav Mahler - Symphonies
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUyH74dBFfb0BZ-3MWKfzn2

David Hurwitz: Well-Tempered Music
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUyfu9uq6rJRyljIdFgL7Vy

David Hurwitz: The World's Most Beautiful Melodies
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVU7o9G9I6h3aUcuPQVXGGDk

David Hurwitz: Abstract Sounds, Concrete Objects
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXLiGdyniPN2QlaCWLIDeFQ

David Hurwitz: Ludwig van Beethoven - Symphonies
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUNeXA6LQ2Wc1lUBNKRzxoR

David Hurwitz: Jean Sibelius - Symphonies
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVU2eY0-PrGmejB2DcBzRDA6

David Hurwitz: Tough Symphonists
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXKTZgYwAI7E_9fC56CL1R4

David Hurwitz: Interesting Overtures
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUO9TwgRKnqs_FtNtlntZtB

David Hurwitz: Dave's Faves
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVV9VxFz1OizwKkfkGGYVwnj

David Hurwitz: Great Symphonies
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWERlnxfVY0F_qBwdYgV7i8

David Hurwitz: Stunning Albums of Non-Standard Repertoire
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXODaoL3vgXnzOfKDJHgcYa

David Hurwitz: Fabulous Concert Programs
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVK6Ky2NNtbjzYWYDU0Qs4G

David Hurwitz: 10 Essential ... for Beginners
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVV_RJWaQHyJ5fdUILS4sjRe

David Hurwitz: If I Could Choose Only One Work By...
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWt1053rZjLg7rZ7gQekBj3

David Hurwitz: The LEAST Important Recording Projects Ever
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWQmZH-MXLyBmc7TZCGTRrj

David Hurwitz: The MOST Important Recording Projects Ever
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVe_S68yhiqinUStk-MjrbI