Ludwig van Beethoven x Glenn Gould; Piano Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVU25w7Kr0AGQkw6s0jmjIyK

Franz Schubert x Neville Marriner; Symphonies (Unfinished, fragmentary symphonies realised by Brian Newbould)
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUl1oamMWAwao3l_tHmVY5l

Ludwig van Beethoven x Krystian Zimerman; Piano Concertos (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVkHPrssYLKzsoAFktsJLVk

Ludwig van Beethoven x Krystian Zimerman; Piano Concertos (Recording)
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVW-6XrhE6l7CEjoxHkd5pNp

Ferdinand Ries x Christopher Hinterhuber; Piano Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVV8WBIDSUrx75Kmi-xpsBfh

Gustav Mahler x Leonard Bernstein (I); Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUYKQmV8OeCKt-lh08KbTaw

Gustav Mahler x Leonard Bernstein (II); Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXh5ewcfxmS9NGxh6E5EGY8

Anton Rubinstein x Joseph Banowetz; Piano Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUsJHuIG_xAfyF_ZMpLrRuy

Louis Spohr x Alfred Walter; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWw2ddZCEEMca2b5wArexil

Aulis Sallinen x Ari Rasilainen; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVTp19iDf_unpG0eZ7W8k8z

Ludwig van Beethoven x Andrés Orozco-Estrada; Symphonies
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVMMLx4BbjRbhl0TbLpfO3M

Kurt Atterberg x Ari Rasilainen; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXAaVXGPW6TFlmm-tDvgmaF

Pierre Rode x Friedemann Eichhorn; Violin Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWyv7iZCHdqnWxhdnyYURv3

Vinzenz Lachner x Hanna Shybayeva; Ludwig van Beethoven Piano Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUVfj7saCNxJvn2j7juhann

Eduard Tubin x Neeme Järvi; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVc5JgNkpoqmr8dqNqP16I_

Hugo Alfvén x Niklas Willén; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVV21psspf_O9TEQ0Nei00VF

Artur Schnabel x Paul Zukofsky; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUZgDqcS-kOAk9qBpYYH82T

Gustav Mahler x Pierre Boulez; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWFU--Mf8gJv9t9z5vD6Asv

Gustav Mahler x Simon Rattle; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUQjphCPQHSKWuTHZ0qIivM

Gustav Mahler x Maurice Abravanel; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWWsTJA1G9jpyMXF6E_8r_7

Gustav Mahler x Claudio Abbado; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVdD5ET23im2ghkTP2o8ka3

Gustav Mahler x Leonard Bernstein (III); Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVk1HVeWnw51NFByyoNnQp4

Gustav Mahler x Polish National Radio Symphony Orchestra; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUX0nqzQdnRqQNH6IEBQrR7

Charles-Marie Widor x Naxos; Organ Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVW68FhXaSHuvtZWcAWl5IjQ

Selim Palmgren x Jacques Mercier; Piano Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWSHPmxkg0emq9fJWuRBkPy

George Onslow x Johannes Goritzki; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXtSdRZMqaXfE5JMxvDKUpQ

Emil Tabakov x Emil Tabakov; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVTIBqDEJmyCgYs57GPQAsv

Sergei Rachmaninoff x Boris Glitburg; Piano Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVV_D6ELgKh90ffEnLj-eH88

Ludwig van Beethoven x Felix Weingartner; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVRu6kTr8AfDdvLzR2bg8ae

Louis Spohr x Marco Polo; String Quartets (By Op.)
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXVtOLeq9cEjDIf-VHTM1ml

Louis Spohr x Marco Polo; String Quartets (By Vol.)
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWqf0ucDp2uZb9_Bt9JaoY-

Ludwig van Beethoven x Hermann Scherchen; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXvxr8yU49RkJ0TfrBeDOQl

Ludwig van Beethoven x Walter Attanasi; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXgDM4UboYx6MjRa7cnRCXm

Ludwig van Beethoven x Antonino Polizzi; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUrpbhN7abpFTLGNt7lKL6K

Ludwig van Beethoven x Michael Tilson Thomas; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVaZ9qAbXBqYl-pf8EfQ2iA

Anton Bruckner x Bruckner Orchester Linz; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUv0C8461C_N2jqLSk46G4l

Asger Hamerik x Thomas Dausgaard; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWUX1cE_GdORfzGPTKts77t

Karl Amadeus Hartmann x Challenge Classics; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXy7t3Bd38-MM3ee47yvnbh

Allan Pettersson x cpo; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUg5jeBf7rdvG2fiQ-wjIqa

Allan Pettersson x BIS; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWCwG2e-b-qhPC36tGMREQ-

Ludwig van Beethoven x Claves; Piano Sonatas
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXWKL4yWWt4V0UdGL6vcUok

Ludwig van Beethoven x Claves; Kurfürstensonaten
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUxboO43twoM7eDBjzBgh2S

Anton Bruckner x Mario Venzago; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVW1AeH7O33mY6JwDNPAhAHa

Emil von Reznicek x Frank Beermann; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVCB45wHHICflmGfEI7RuCJ

Per Nørgård x Dacapo Records; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXITI-JAcln602XUFt6qh0B

Hilding Rosenberg x Caprice; String Quartets
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVYNdeQQUQtQecFU5m3WAdV

Franz Liszt x Harmonia Mundi; Ludwig van Beethoven Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWK4vrqQjAPh0VVvmu5lSXr

Gösta Nystroem x BIS; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVFPhuewigGMdoYjqNSnOxE

Fridrich Bruk x Toccata Classics; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWT9trIMJU-acelLMAL3wNp

Steve Elcock x Toccata Classics; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVW9hcX2JW55kEQyh7hS-ci8

David Hackbridge Johnson x Toccata Classics; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUFQQEeGtZ67ZOlYtF1mYxc

Grażyna Bacewicz x Joanna Kurkowicz; Violin Concertos (No. 6 is not included as it was unpublished at the time of recording)
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVW6yjvI3dhNA1cNBX8nuooK

Louise Farrenc x Johannes Goritzki; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVvJUszAYGRWVyICNCVXkCa

Henk Badings x David Porcelijn; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVTXjdEQkPYtSMxCI9J8ZT6

Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart x Lili Kraus; Piano Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXNwUufMLt5owI7AnnbLodO

Wilhelm Peterson-Berger x Michail Jurowski; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVURR0nS_DbGUhs9AsVlHM5s

Joachim Raff x Marco Polo; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUH6gOCRLyAwWSYdYZvwuxv

Einojuhani Rautavaara x Laura Mikkola; Piano Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVDPrfIw2pcqUJelkMf749A

Joseph Haydn x Denis McCaldin; Notturni
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWHRHK-omI-7iPN6wn-PwSg

Alexander Glazunov x Neeme Järvi; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUh3ysC2jowz5MfzPDxR7LO

Anton Bruckner x Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWro9ZjNKNCOwR_UBK2tuej

Anton Bruckner x Michael Gielen; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXD-SlAiwvKYRwkxU7joVw_

Anton Bruckner x Georg Tintner; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWM0Mxx_jXmLG-qtn8cUrrj

Anton Bruckner x Riccardo Chailly; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUsx4xnBHLswQw2uVTv5xpb

Anton Rubinstein x Anna Shelest; Piano Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVhg4zu9oKtXdAKFG3oFoRV

Antonín Dvořák x Libor Pešek; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVdO3e2ZF5504V-8YD0SlKR

Arnold Bax x Bryden Thomson; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVeX_9ET3fibLAcVoo0vJcY

Xaver Scharwenka x Hyperion; Piano Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWQnsOLmXganzwRPQVK1dui

Dmitri Shostakovich x Mark Wigglesworth; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXVRKn5Dz9rK4a4ogZFfKO0

Joonas Kokkonen x BIS; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVWD8GzPH8GAlRu0-IA0EO8

Einar Englund x Ondine; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVX4bv9xXmiTxkxdptxwfD7j

Jean Sibelius x Turku Philharmonic Orchestra; Symphonies
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXralYTkQHgosbP-GgQ17Ec

Boris Tishchenko x Northern Flowers; Dante Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUczB08YFzvfbOG9Rh33pFW

Boris Tishchenko x Northern Flowers; Piano Sonatas
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVX8ZNmpymjHoixAStkemG8q

Zygmunt Noskowski x Sterling; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWz6z5YWNLKtw4LFBeAxtuY

Peter Racine Fricker x Lyrita; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVPisJMlUki4bqsRWNn--bG

William Mathias x BBC Welsh Symphony Orchestra; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVv4_8HL0GwTHoFutzu6lUW

Boris Tishchenko x Northern Flowers; String Quartets
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVrLxSkOp-sF4i-m1BhKC51

Christian Sinding x cpo; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVqAzmu5KkXqwAK7oTVI2xf

Ralph Vaughan Williams x Adrian Boult; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWZSP3scMgW1IIrbcmHaox7

Ralph Vaughan Williams x Bournemouth Symphony Orchestra; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXKJ3ojYne31VtEh2Wa8dPJ

Ralph Vaughan Williams x Chandos; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUv4oJqmTmZ84AbGaJfToRk

Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky x Riccardo Muti; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVj7U4vtS0T8Y76rxBqkRlM

Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky x Polish National Radio Symphony Orchestra; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXZv6hEwh3IibnZ0N7VRXMO

Dmitri Shostakovich x Bernard Haitink; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWlGYfHClHKJBXh-LkDLvhN

Dmitri Shostakovich x Mstislav Rostropovich; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVWWO3JurAkJ_LaMOiLB-1D

Dmitri Shostakovich x Vladimir Ashkenazy; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWKy-pdYcOKpumDG9BfQ2XD

Franz Schubert x Michael Halász; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXYq6K-1_QaOZo14--uH5Sj

Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart x Hungaroton; Piano Sonatas
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUJuO4q7K8ih1Hz3luLdvJy

Anton Bruckner x Eugen Jochum; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVX3ClmtlYWCzGLOmdaaY5YO

Ludwig van Beethoven x Hannover Band; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUDGHOXge1rycWfvRmKXGJn

Ludwig van Beethoven x Hiroyuki Iwaki; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVV2XAJh8oyFJ5uQPc7KeUEd

Ludwig van Beethoven x Tbilisi Symphony Orchestra; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVX7kwrQasSXhAU1qobfgdl0

Ludwig van Beethoven x Pierre Monteux; Symphonies (No. 3 played by the Vienna Philharmonic)
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVU_WFoF4e6cqBNgzp2zMuIM

Ludwig van Beethoven x Pierre Monteux; Symphonies (No. 3 played by the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra)
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWsz6eYR_IYqXhJNSd-Coi2

Franz Liszt x Michael Halász; Symphonic Poems
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXPx5hNkWXah1FatVOrHXX3

Anton Rubinstein x Naxos; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUWtJZ8iiztanNE3kfZLTqp

Natanael Berg x Ari Rasilainen; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVW7MBmmxqzHQCDc_b0EWssU

Lars-Erik Larsson x Helsingborg Symphony Orchestra; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVcJ87DOGNgMRUQW1w4Dbye

Nikolai Medtner x Yevgeny Sudbin; Piano Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUB-hBCGeZYVY306m7c3ZEd

Nikolai Medtner x Konstantin Scherbakov; Piano Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUk3qXKEfCgtZU_Ph3PhwVO

Felix Mendelssohn x Rudolf Serkin; Piano Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXwSVUp8HTKbleXbkleMBFZ

Gustav Mahler x Leonard Bernstein (IV); Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVuI-QW0voCbiwI6J1yrrJ1

Henri Herz x Howard Shellley; Piano Concertos (No. 6 is not recorded)
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWPXZL5Z7cA5R08leA41SzY

Wilhelm Stenhammar x Paavo Järvi; Piano Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVV06h-05wkvh8x0DfFISr0H

Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky x Shura Cherkassky; Piano Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVURVr4DO5M_est4ys66ql2c

Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky x Peter Jablonski; Piano Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWml2WI0ClkXRClIdI5ynue

Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky x Gary Graffman; Piano Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVV8WGJZagywtytx7HmfvTrL

Ludwig van Beethoven x Charles Mackerras; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVV1pkAGWyBcbvfirgCA0dOL

Sergei Prokofiev x Neeme Järvi; Piano Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXOM7HZdTwYhedlQxpoO1aR

Ludwig van Beethoven x Rudolf Buchbinder; Piano Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWnWtMErcmGjB2P1HWU19Na

Ludwig van Beethoven x Mitsuko Uchida; Piano Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVUaGje51EL6BW--CMW98FFK

Anton Bruckner x Rémy Ballot; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVW5jHuiUKiwF0KM-A-lyFQY

Sergei Prokofiev x Walter Weller; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXVX_XkKqZj2odFfZ1eBKhJ

Joly Braga Santos x Álvaro Cassuto; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVU9TRUy7YchqcOk3a9pJ0tb

Ludwig van Beethoven x Peter Schmalfuss; Piano Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVV1tWVHpECDDiHXRRxHchJH

Ludwig van Beethoven x Solomon Cutner; Piano Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXK96naj8C6lgs9QP_MFW3b

Kurt Graunke x Kurt Graunke; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVX6vGtLnMeMtQyCFBSnJX0p

George Lloyd x George Lloyd; Piano Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXAweoRKyjJX2O2PMZE92UN

George Lloyd x George Lloyd; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVW9CDWPA774dnJjHR1yiz27

Ludwig van Beethoven x Alfred Brendel; Piano Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXEuB4gJvV8nhBTSPi-xYEg

Selim Palmgren x Jan Söderblom; Piano Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWMoD86I3QKmgLvVybGlAOs

Maximianno Cobra x Ludwig van Beethoven; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWzsXReIL8Zdt6dKrrUVIUA

Pancho Vladigerov x Capriccio Records; Piano Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXBJOvc0iIs6Vv-YrIW4drN

Guy Ropartz x Timpani; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWF5C_64K4CHitsy7nkJJoX

Guy Ropartz x François Kerdoncuff; Violin Sonatas
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXJs_wZODZfIzTfB_nLaEG4

Guy Ropartz x François Kerdoncuff; Cello Sonatas
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVU7noMhiZGIZDgGycSbeKBx

Imants Kalniņš x Liepāja Symphony Orchestra; Symphonies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVVSVg3DUPb1z6mXNg-KVePW

Dmitry Kabalevsky x Kathryn Stott; Piano Concertos
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWDy2MuHYTQoqG6nKQ1c5j6

Conrado del Campo x MarchVivo; String Quartets
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVXYSd_fkbiC03txAejvWzow

Franz Liszt x Hungaroton; Hungarian Rhapsodies
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4D14bmfCxVWipUBdEnVKXVBWc7UDYYmt